CircleMUD Area Archive
----------------------
00Index			This Index file.

3areas.tar.gz		3 areas: chess, graye and totb
			(Chess, The Graye Area, and Temple of the
			Bull)  By Aten of GenericMud.
			[These areas can also be found separately as:
			  chess.tar.gz, graye.tar.gz, and totb.tar.gz]
3areas.README		Info on the areas of 3areas.tar.gz

ape_village.zip		It's based on the original 1968 Planet of the Apes
			movie, and features approximately 100 rooms, 1 shop,
			several new items, and a bunch of new mobs. This zone
			is good for characters in the level 10 - 20 range.
ape_village.README	Information for ape_village.zip

blackforest.tar.gz	A small forest and tower area.  From Silverangel of
			Ironic Building MUD.
blackforest.README	Brief information on blackforest.tar.gz

castle_of_desire.tar.gz		A small castle area from DesireMud.
castle_of_desire.README		Information on castle_of_desire.tar.gz

Caw/			C.A.W. areas maintained by furry@circlemud.org

chess.tar.gz		This is a possible addendum to Moria, with a
			life of its own.  It appears to be in Circle
			2.2 format.  (see also 3areas.README)

dspyre.tar.gz		The first level of the Dragonspyre area.

elven.tar.gz		An Elven town with shops etc.
elven.README		Information on elven.tar.gz

galaxy.tar.gz		A porting of the Merc Galaxy to CircleMUD format.
galaxy.README		Information on galaxy.tar.gz

ghenna.tar.gz		D&D style town of Ghenna.

goblin.tar.gz		A goblin village.
goblin.README		Information on goblin.tar.gz

grave.tar.gz		A graveyard area.  By Rasta of KallistiMUD.
grave.README		Information on grave.tar.gz

graye.tar.gz		This is a small forested area, complete with
			cliff, small town, and small castle.  It appears
			to be in Circle 2.2 format.  (see also 3areas.README)

hell.tar.gz		Descent to Hell by Strahd
hell.README		Information on hell.tar.gz

jedi.tar.gz		A Jedi Clan Headquarters.

jungle.tar.gz		A small jungle area.
jungle.README		Information on jungle.tar.gz

kaan.tar.gz		A collection of areas built by Kaan.  More
			information can be found at
			http://dibrova.betterbox.net/~dibrova/
kaan.README		Some brief information on kaan.tar.gz

kaanII.zip		A second collection of areas built by Kaan.  More
			information can be found at
			http://dibrova.betterbox.net/~dibrova/
kaanII.README		Some brief information on kaanII.zip

kerjim.tar.gz		The Pit Of Kerjim.  By Raf.

khanjar.tar.gz		A small forest to sit east of Midgaard by Methem.
khanjar.README		Some brief information on kahnjar.tar.gz

house.tar.gz		A Haunted House.  By Maddog.
house.README		Information on house.tar.gz

mboard.tar.gz		An area based upon a motherboard from a computer.
			By Ryan Kelley.
mboard.README		Information on mboard.tar.gz

nether.tar.gz		The Nether by Kaan of Dibrova.
nether.README		Information on nether.tar.gz

new_sparta.tar.gz	The city of New Sparta.  By Naved.

newgodzone.tar.gz	God zone (zone 12) from Tazmania.

notredame.tar.gz	An area (zone 82) based on the Notre Dame Cathedral
			in Paris and the Three Muskateers.  By Apollo.

oceania.tar.gz		Oceania Proper, part 1 of a 5 part area.
			By Questor of StrangeMUD.

prison.zip		A small jail that ties into south_midgaard.zip
prison.README		Information on prison.zip

rome.tar.gz		Rome.  By Onivel of JediMUD.

shire.tar.gz		This is the classic Shire area.  It is in a mixed
			format, part Merc 2.2, part standard Diku.

smurf.tar.gz		A Smurf village.  By Brett Lynnes and Andy McLeod.
smurf.README		Information on smurf.tar.gz (incl. special procs)

snowy_valley.zip	Originally a place to connect new zones north of
			Midgaard. Later added a ski hill and underground temple.
			This zone contains about 100 rooms, 3 shops, 1 death
			trap, several new items, and a bunch of new mobs.
snow_valley.README	Information on snowy_valley.zip

southD.tar.gz		Southern Desert area.  By Freak.
southD.README		Information on southD.tar.gz

south_midgaard.zip	A new verison of Southern Midgaard.
south_midgaard.README	Infomation on south_midgaard.zip

spaceA.tar.gz		Space Station Alpha area.
spaceA.README		Information on spaceA.tar.gz

star_trek.zip		The Starship: Enterprise.  Features many items and
			characters from the shows.
star_trek.README	Information on star_trek.zip

sundhaven.tar.gz	Newbie starting town, possible Midgaard replacement
			From Mercy of ExileMUD.

totb.tar.gz		The Temple of the Bull.  It appears to be in Circle
			2.2 format.  (see also 3areas.README)

vice.island.v2.tar.gz	Vice Island, part 2 of a 5 part area.
			(Oceania is part 1).  By Questor of StrangeMUD.

wasteland.tar.gz	Wasteland area.
wasteland.specials	Specials info on wasteland.tar.gz
wasteland.README	Information on wasteland.tar.gz

woods.wld.gz		A wooded area.  .wld file only.
